Where are the houses for sale in Utrecht?
Where are the houses for sale and built between 1990 and 2000 in Utrecht?
What houses are for sale and within 500m from a main road in Utrecht?
What houses are for sale and within 1km from the nearest school in Utrecht?
What houses are for sale and within 1km from the nearest supermarket in Utrecht?
What houses are for sale in urban areas in Utrecht?
What houses are for sale in neighborhoods with low crime rates in Utrecht?
What houses are for sale and near to parks in Utrecht?
Where are the 5-star hotels in the Happy Valley ski resort?
Where are the shops that open at 18:00 in Happy Valley ski resort?
Where are the cafes in forested areas in Happy Valley ski resort?
Where are the ski pistes in Happy Valley ski resort?
Where is the most popular ski piste in Happy Valley ski resort?
Where is the longest ski piste in Happy Valley ski resort?
Where are the longest ski pistes' start and end positions in Happy Valley ski resort?
Where are the hotel within 300 m from the longest ski piste in Happy Valley ski resort?
where is the neighborhood that has the highest crime rate in Amsterdam?
What are the locations of individual crimes in Amsterdam?
where is the neighborhood that has the highest robbery rate in Amsterdam?
where is the neighborhood that has the highest arson rate in Amsterdam?
where is the neighborhood that has the highest burglary rate in Amsterdam?
For a neighborhood, how did the crime rate change from last year to this year in Amsterdam?
What are the locations of fire stations in Fort Worth ?
What buildings are within 1 minute of driving time from a fire station in Fort Worth ?
What buildings are within 2 minutes but not within 1 minute of driving time from a fire station in Fort Worth ?
What schools are not within 3 minutes of driving time from a fire station in Fort Worth?
Which fire station is nearest to an incident call at a given location in Fort Worth?
Where did the hurricane form in Oleander?
Where did the hurricane dissipate in Oleander?
What was the trajectory of a hurricane in Oleander?
Where was the most intense hurricane in Oleander?
Where was the fastest hurricane in Oleander?
How many buildings are affected by a hurricane in Oleander?
What types of buildings are mostly affected by a hurricane in Oleander?
How many people are affected by a hurricane in Oleander?
Where are the rocky areas in Spain?
What areas do have slope larger than 10% in Spain?
What areas do have altitudes between 700 and 2000 meters in Spain?
What areas do have an annual minimum temperature greater than 0 degrees in Spain?
What areas do have low precipitation and humidity in Spain?
What areas are at least 3km away from the river in Spain?
What areas are far away from the road network in Spain?
Where is the distribution area of little midwife toad in Spain?
Where are the industrial areas in Utrecht?
Where is the biggest park in Utrecht?
Where are freeways with 4 lanes in Netherlands?
Where are the freeways with traffic jams during rush hours in Netherlands?
Which cities do have highest crime rate in Netherlands?
Which neighborhood has the highest population density in Netherlands?
Where is a suitable site for the disposal of radioactive waste in UK?
What areas do have suitable geology for nuclear waste in UK?
What areas do not have groundwater and natural resources beneath in UK?
What areas do have low population density in UK?
What areas do have a population density of 300 persons per square kilometer or less in UK?
What areas are accessible in UK??
What areas are minimum 3km and maximum 5km away from the nearest road in UK??
What areas are not within conservation areas in UK?
Where are houses that have no plumbing?
What is the condition of the water treatment plant at 270 Fleet?
Which is the best way to send the recycling truck, given these pickup points?
Which emergency vehicle is closest to the accident?
What is the pattern of public spending in areas where the majority of residents are African American?
Do more commercial buildings in earth-quake zones meet quake proofing specification than five years ago?
At this rate, how long will it be before 99 percent of all commercial buildings meet specifications in the Netherlands?
What would be the economic impact if development were restricted within 100 yards of the river?
What is the best site for the new landfill?
What is the relationship between the local microclimate, local factories, and the social structure of surrounding neighborhoods?
What will be the need to adapt to the local public transport network and its capacity when a new neighborhood is built north of the town?
Where are areas of forestry in Europe in which Norwegian Spruce trees can be found?
Where do high concentrations of students live in Utrecht?
Where have glaciers retreated in the European Alps?
Where have changes to the population of polar bears occurred?
Where are there over 10,000 potential customers within a 5-mile radius of a railway station?
If we build a new theme park here, what will be the effect on traffic flows?
What would be the time saving if we delivered our parcels using this route, rather than an alternative?
What will be the long-term consequences of farming and forestry for the conservation area in Zdarske Vrchy?
Where should landscape conservation zones be established in Zdarske Vrchy?
Where are stone age settlements located in Europe?
Where are all the fire stations in Utrecht?
Where can I find holiday accommodation that is within 1 km of a wind surfing beach and accessible by public transport in Italy?
Where is the flat land within 500 m of a major highway in the United Kingdom?
What is the flow of traffic along A28 motorway?
How are patterns of retailing changing in response to the development of out-of-town superstores in the US?
If I move to a new home in Ina Boudier-Bakkerlaan 1 3483VA Utrecht, how far will I be from the office, gym or coffee shop?
Where is the proposed wind farm location?
Where is the region in which the store will be located?
What is the pattern of land use in Netherlands?
What is the flows of traffic along major routes in this area?
How has land use changed over the last 20 years?
Which towns in the area have experienced the greatest population growth in recent years?
Where is the area of privately owned land of a suitable size, with adequate access from an existing road?
Where is the area of commercially zoned land, close to major transport routes and with a potential catchment of over 10000 customers?
If we located the wind farm here, from where would it be visible?
If we locate a store here, what would be the impact on our closest existing store?
How many luxury hotels are there in Happy Valley ski resort?
Where are the luxury hotels with more than 20 bedrooms in Happy Valley ski resort?
Where are the areas of forestry land in Happy Valley ski resort?
Which hotels are within 200 m of a main road in Happy Valley ski resort??
In which land use types are the meteorological stations located?
Which roads should be used for a scenic forest drive?
What is the predominant land use type in the Happy Valley resort?
Where could a new ski piste be located?
What is the predicted snowfall for the new ski piste?
What would be the quickest route by road from the center of the resort to this new ski piste?
What are the slope and aspect of the new ski piste?
From where will the new ski piste be visible?
What is the relationship between hotel room prices and proximity to ski lift stations in the Happy Valley resort?
What is the quickest route for the ski bus to pick up 5 sets of customers scattered across the Happy Valley resort?
Which ski pistes are in the avalanche danger zones given recordings of snow depth, surface temperature, snow water content and snow strength?
What is the pattern of accidents on ski pistes?
What visitor facilities are located in the Happy Valley?
What is the effect of road widening on surrounding land uses?
What will be the long-term consequences of continuing recreational activity for the landscape?
Where will damage from acid rain occur if a particular industrial plant continues to operate?
Where should landscape conservation zones be established?
Where is the best location for the re-introduction of certain bird species?
What landscape locations are likely to retain water given topography?
What is the estimated casualty from a tsunami given affected coastlines in high-resolution satellite imagery?
What are the areas covered by cameras in Salford, England?
What are the locations of potential bus stops that maximize the overall population catchment area?
What are the zoning categories in Utrecht?
Which trees are ready to be harvested given tree age?
What political parties are favored in different counties of the United States?
What is the crime distribution in Amsterdam in 2018?
Where is a suitable place for opening a bank based on the mean center of customers?
Which bank branch is suitable to schedule a meeting based on the mean center of employees?
Where is a suitable place to build three library branches in Oleander city?
Which areas are not serviced by libraries in Oleander?
Where are suitable places for building a fire station that can quickly respond to the highest-priority calls in Fort Worth?
Where does the Fort Worth police department assign a specific task force to deal with the most dangerous crimes?
Where is a suitable place to open an office that is nearest to their best customers?
Where is a suitable place to schedule meetings can be closest to most employees?
Which police stations are making more runs outside of their normal alarm territory in Fort Worth?
What is the distribution of West Nile Virus in US?
Do freeways have directional influence on fire responses of fire stations in Fort Worth?
What is the directional trend in crimes in Fort Worth?
What are directional trends in animal migration or grazing based on animal-tracking data?
What are the single family zoning categories in Utrecht?
What is the rate of water removal with water wells from an aquifer in Amsterdam?
What is the total linear mileage of the asphalt streets in Utrecht?
What is the monthly rate of arsons given all fire department responses in Groningen?
What is the relationship between the average monthly sales of the Hispanic specialty stores and the distribution of the Hispanic population in Tarrant County, Texas?
What is the relationship between the locations of stores and the population income levels in Amsterdam?
What intersections are more prone to auto accidents in Utrecht?
What is the population distribution in Tarrant County, Texas?
What is the population distribution by age in Tarrant County, Texas?
What is the construction trend in the city of Oleander given construction years of dwelling units?
What is the concentration of various ethnic groups in Amsterdam?
Which parks do have the highest monthly concentration of birds in Texas?
How does tractor traffic compare to auto traffic on Texas roads?
What is the portion of rental, owner-occupied, and vacant houses relative to the Hispanic population in Tarrant County, Texas?
What are the crime rates for this and last years in each police district of Texas?
What are the election results for individual candidates in each precinct of Dallas?
What are the portions of energy coming from oil, natural gas, and nuclear power in each state of the United States?
What is population density by census block in the Dallas/Fort Worth metropolitan service area?
What is the density of robberies for each police beat in Dallas/Fort Worth metropolitan service area?
What are the areas with high population density and concentration of rental units in Utrecht?
What is the dot density of rental units in Utrecht?
What is the dot density of registered voters relative to the total population of voting age per precinct in Dallas?
What is the density of trees in parks in Oleander?
What is the density of elms and crape myrtles in Oleander?
What is the density surface of rainfall based on measuring stations?
What is the concentration of fire incident calls in Oleander?
What are the directional trends for each year's tornadoes in Oleander?
What areas do have too few roads to handle the traffic in Oleander?
Where are fire calls highly clustered in Fort Worth?
What is the relationship between clusters of West Nile Virus and the locations of food and water sources?
Where are the customers highly clustered for a pizza chain in Amsterdam?
Are fire calls randomly distributed among city blocks in Fort Worth?
What is the relationship between clusters of fire calls and population density?
Where are the high output oil-well clustered?
Where are the clusterings of low-income household in Netherlands?
Where are the hot or cold spots of crime frequency in Amsterdam?
What is acreage for each land-use type in a region of Oleander?
Which properties may be affected by the Independence Day parade in Washington D.C.?
What pipes do need to be inspected given clogged storm drain inlets?
How many land parcels are in the floodplain in Oleander?
What the total area of land is inside the floodplain in Oleander?
What is a breakdown of the area of land use inside the floodplain in Oleander?
How many poll workers do each precinct need given the number of households that fall within each precinct?
What are the attendance boundaries for the schools in Oleander?
What properties may be affected by cleaning works at the creeks in Oleander?
Which property owners do need to be notified around the area of proposed zoning change?
What is the percentage of each land-use type inside the notification zone for zoning change?
What are the zones of strict drug enforcement around schools, playgrounds, and arcades?
What is a quite zone around a hospital that should be enforced by police?
What property owners do own access easement to the lakeshore?
How much of the city is affected by street noise given the noise coefficients for each street in the city?
What is the relationship between the speed limit and the noise coefficients for each street in the city?
How lit are the areas of the city given locations of street lights and their wattage?
Where are the houses within 1 minute, 2 minutes, and 3 minutes driving time from each fire station assuming a fire truck averages about 30 mph?
What are the noise mitigation zones around each runway in Schiphol airport?
Within the last month, how many calls were answered by a crew from a station that was not the closest to the scene?
How does the nearness of a property to fire hydrants affects its insurance rate?
What areas are not within the 3 minutes of driving time for a fire truck given a road network in Oleander?
How many buildings are within 1 minute, 2 minutes, and 3 minutes of driving time from a fire station given a road network in Oleander?
What is the spread of plumes over time from a fire in a match factory?
What buildings may be situated within the area of plumes from a fire in a match factory?
How does the flood level change over time?
How did the population change over time?
How did a river delta spread over time?
How did areas of soil erosion change over time?
How did tornado's location, strength and wind speed change over time?
Which buildings were affected by the changing tornado?
What are traffic patterns at intersections based on readings of traffic-counting devices placed along a street?
How did the population of an animal herd change as the animals moved?
What are the areas with single-family residential properties that have decreased in value more than 3% since 2004?
In what areas did the literacy rate show a decreasing trend?
How did the water levels in a lake change each month?
What is the utility-based walkability of each neighborhood in Ghent?
What is the residential density per neighborhood in Ghent?
What is the connectivity of each neighborhood in Ghent?
What is the land-use mix in each neighborhood in Ghent?
What is the bikeability in the Metro Vancouver region of Canada?
What is the bicycle route density in the Metro Vancouver region of Canada?
What is the degree of bicycle route separation the Metro Vancouver region of Canada?
What is the connectivity of bicycle-friendly streets in the Metro Vancouver region of Canada?
What is the topography of bicycle-friendly streets the Metro Vancouver region of Canada?
What is the destination density for cyclists in the Metro Vancouver region of Canada?
What is the effect of different scales on the accuracy of the GIS-based EPIC model?
How can future crop yields be predicted?
What is the impact of low and high population densities on the green infrastructure of Addis Ababa?
Which future settlements might be located in flood-prone areas given increase in both population and population density in Addis Ababa?
What is the accessibility of population to primary schools in Rotterdam?
What is the population's minimum network-based distance to public primary schools in Rotterdam?
How many choices do the population have in accessing primary schools in Rotterdam?
What is the minimum network-based distance to primary schools for children aged between 4 and 12 in Rotterdam?
What is the minimum network-based distance to primary schools for children aged between 4 and 12 in the peripheral area of Rotterdam?
How optimal are primary schools distributed with respect to the population in Rotterdam?
To what extent are residential sites for people with intellectual disabilities and physical disabilities spatially dispersed in Pennsylvania?
Are residential sites for people with ID and people with PD located in neighborhoods of Pennsylvania with similar or different sociodemographic characteristics that affect community inclusion?
Are there urban-suburban differences in spatial clustering and neighborhood characteristics of residential sites of Pennsylvania for people with ID and people with PD?
What is the urban population in China estimated from radiance corrected DMSP-OLS night-time light and land cover data?
What are the spatio-temporal dynamics of carbon emissions and carbon sinks in Guangdong Province, South China?
How much do forest land and grassland contribute to vegetation carbon storage in Guangdong, South China?
What is annual direct carbon emission from paddy fields in Guangdong, South China?
What is annual indirect carbon emission from agricultural activities in Guangdong, South China?
What is annual total carbon emission from the construction of built-up land?
What are the sites suitable for metro stations in Karbala, Iraqi?
What is the spatial access to outpatient services relative to the demand in Tuscany, Italy?
What is the population density in the Banten province, in Indonesia based on IndoPop data?
To what extent are there regional differences in population distribution in the Yunnan province, China?
How did land-use change between 1993 and 2007 at the urban area of Yogyakarta in Indonesia?
Which are the determinant factors in the land-use change in the urban area of Yogyakarta in Indonesia?
What are the factors determining the area of land-use change in the urban area of Yogyakarta in Indonesia?
What are the factors determining the location of land-use change in the urban area of Yogyakarta in Indonesia?
How can a population distribution be re-estimated at a higher scale?
What is the spatial probability distribution of robberies in buses in Salvador, Brazil?
What are the factors determining the potential for the occurrence of robberies in buses in Salvador, Brazil?
How are small touristic businesses spatially distributed in the Gilan province, Iran?
What is the geographic accessibility to family physician and nurse practitioner services for seniors in Saskatchewan and Alberta, Canada?
To what extent are there differences in spatial-temporal fixity and flexibility between different types of residential communities in Beijing suburbs?
How can grid size be evaluated for suitability for grid-based population data?
What is the influence of the spatial distribution of neighborhood violent crime on fear of crime in East Baton Rouge Parish, US?
How can the main center and sub-centers of a polycentric city be identified based on nighttime light imagery and social media data?
How can human settlements be identified using remote sensing on a global scale?
What is the spatial access to private and public hospitals in West Sichuan and East Sichuan, China?
Where are the sites that are most suitable for marina construction in Istanbul's Marmara Sea shoreline?
How can parking availability be estimated for unobserved road segments based on sensor data from observed road segments in San Francisco, US?
What is the spatial accessibility to public buses, trams, and trains from points of interests in Melbourne, Australia?
What are the urban temporal patterns of individuals in big cities based upon geo-tagged photography?
What are the impact of land use and population density on seasonal surface water quality in the Wen-Rui Tang River watershed in China?
What was the historical spatial land use pattern for Jiangsu Province during the mid-Qing Dynasty in China?
How do connectivity, directness, and topology of a network affect the risk of cyclist-vehicle collision in Vancouver, Canada?
How does heat-related mortality risk differ between urban and non-urban areas of Jiangsu province in China?
How are economic activities clustered within the metropolitan area of Shenyang, China?
What are the spatiotemporal patterns of relative healthy food access in the Region of Waterloo, Canada, from 2011 to 2014?
Which factors of the built environment influence the habitual physical activity of children in Delmenhorst?
How to predict and map heat risk hotspots at multiple spatial scales in the greater Vancouver area, British Columbia, Canada?
How to determine the best location of parking depending on parking demand and supply balance in Istanbul Metropolitan Municipality?
How can a GIS-based approach be developed for electrification planning in Nigeria?
What is the relationship between the walking activity of a population and the built environment of a residential neighborhood of Seoul, South Korea?
How can individual-based rurality be measured in Levy, Lafayette and Suwannee counties of the US based on individual's activity space and rurality degree of places?
What is the accessibility of the population to the high-speed rail in the Extremadura region of Spain?
What are the changes in the environment, climate, land use and land cover types for Jiangsu Province of China between 1980-2012?
What are the risk factors associated with physical access to health facilities among women of reproductive age in Dabat district, Ethiopia?
How do built environment and socio-demographic factors and health-related factors differ inside and outside of spatial clusters of obesity and physical activity in California, Massachusetts, and Pennsylvania states of US?
What is the impact of High-Speed Rail on land cover change in the area of Atocha railway station in Madrid, Spain, between 1990 and 2006?
How did the spatial distribution of domestic tourism in South Korea change between 1989 and 2011?
How did the hotspots of domestic tourism activity in South Korea change between 1989 and 2011?
How did national tourism policies between 1989 and 2011 affect distribution of domestic tourism in South Korea?
What is the effect of geographic proximity on scientific cooperation among Chinese cities from 1990 to 2010?
How can irrigated areas in China be mapped given irrigation potential indices per raster cells?
How are socio-demographic characteristics and transportation modes associated with topology of daily mobility patterns?
What is the effect of the distribution of deprived neighborhoods on mortality in Glasgow, Liverpool, and Manchester, England?
How do mortality and spatial patterning of deprivation in Glasgow, England, compare to mortality and spatial patterning of deprivation in Liverpool and Manchester, England?
To what extent are variations in fertility explained by residential context in Britain?
How does fertility vary between central cities and suburban areas in Britain?
How does fertility vary with residential area size and population density in Britain?
To what extent do socioeconomic characteristics of couples and selective migrations explain fertility variations between various residential contexts?
What is the spatial distribution of aging populations in the Aichi Prefecture in Japan?
What is the aging population ratio at different areal units in the Aichi prefecture, Japan?
What is the aging population density at different areal units in the Aichi prefecture, Japan?
What is the correlation between the aging population ratio and the aging population density in the Aichi prefecture, Japan?
How does the built environment and weather conditions influence the use of walking as a mode of transport in Halifax Regional Municipality, Nova Scotia, Canada?
To what extent do average temperature, total precipitation, and maximum wind speed impact walking behavior in Halifax Regional Municipality, Nova Scotia, Canada?
What is the ratio of sidewalk length to road length at the census tract level in Halifax Regional Municipality, Nova Scotia, Canada?
What is the retail floor area ratio at the census tract level in Halifax Regional Municipality, Nova Scotia, Canada?
What is the number of people living in a census tract per square km of land in Halifax Regional Municipality, Nova Scotia, Canada?
What is the ratio of the number of four-way intersections to all intersections in Halifax Regional Municipality, Nova Scotia, Canada?
What is the spatial structure of retailing businesses in Wuhan city, China?
What are the road distances and travel times from residences of cardiac catheterization patients to Foothills Medical Center calculated with the Minkowski metric applied on Calgary road network in Canada?
Are there significant patterns of clustering of obesity and moderate physical activity in the neighborhoods of Metro Vancouver, Canada?
Is there an association between obesity and moderate physical activity and the built urban environment in the neighborhoods of Metro Vancouver, Canada?
What is the effect of household and neighborhood characteristics on children's exposure to neighborhood poverty and affluence in US?
What is the accessibility of affordable grocery foods for low-income residents in Buffalo, US?
Which road sections in Shenzhen city, China, are potential traffic bottlenecks?
What is the level of geographical heterogeneity in the risk of mistimed and unwanted pregnancies between rural and urban communities of Savannah, Forest and Coastal ecological zones in Ghana?
What are the traffic volumes on low-class roads in areas of York County and Beresford in New Brunswick, Canada?
How well can built environment, population characteristics, and travel behavior predict vehicle-pedestrian collisions in San Francisco, US?
Which factors influence the location choice of business establishments in the city of Hamilton, Canada?
How have district boundary lines and school desegregation policy impacted metropolitan school and housing integration levels over the past two decades on the South of US (Richmond Metro, Louisville-Jefferson County, Charlotte-Mecklenburg County, Chattanooga-Hamilton County)?
How have district boundary lines and school desegregation policy impacted metropolitan school and housing integration levels on the South of US between the years 1990 and 2010 ?
What are the spatial trends of school and housing segregation on the South of US between 1990 and 2010?
Is there racial isolation for black residents on the South of US between 1990 and 2010?
What is the difference between the racial composition in elementary school and in census block groups on the South of US in 1990, 2010, 2010?
Does the presence of non-neighborhood schools (private, charter, and magnet schools) affect racial segregation in public schools in US?
How does racial segregation differ between public neighborhood schools and their catchment areas in US?
Which countries are more dependent on tourism industries?
How to plan urban land use of Shanghai to minimize ecological heterogeneity using GIS?
Where is the residential area located in Shanghai?
Where are the nature reserves and forest areas in Shanghai?
Where are the industry areas located in Shanghai?
What is the spatial distribution pattern of heterogeneous ecological conditions of Shanghai?
What trends are there in agricultural and urban change in European rural areas?
What are the effects on rural landscapes of agricultural structural changes and counter-urbanization in Denmark?
Where are the highly-depopulated or vanished villages in Poland?
How to measure and evaluate access to sexual and reproductive health services in rural Mozambique?
What is the accessibility of sexual and reproductive health (SRH) services in rural Mozambique?
What is the spatial distribution of respondents' residences, health service units, and towns (district centers) in four districts of Chibuto, Chokwè, Guíjà and Mandlakaze?
Where are the clinics with lower service quality in four districts of Chibuto, Chokwè, Guíjà and Mandlakaze?
Where are the less accessible sexual and reproductive health services in four districts of Chibuto, Chokwè, Guíjà and Mandlakaze?
Which landscape indicators can be used for the evaluation of tourist landscape structure?
What is the long-term spatio-temporal landscape change in Kos Island, Greece?
What are the changes of landuse categories distribution in the district of Kefalos for the years 1981, 1995 and 2002?
What are the changes in transport networks in the district of Kefalos from 1995 to 2002?
What are the changes in visibility in the district of Kefalos from 1995 to 2002?
What is the geographic distribution of nonprofit organizations serving immigrants across municipalities within the Greater Boston area?
Where are the high immigration municipalities in the Greater Boston area in 2000?
What is the ethnic settlement pattern in the Greater Boston area in 2000?
What are the relationships between population and urban growth by analyzing changes in urban form that are characterized by fractal dimensions?
What are the relationships between population and urban growth in Kaohsiung, Taiwan, from 1980 to 2010?
What is the spatial-temporal pattern of urban growth in Kaohsiung from 1980 to 2010?
How are the changes in rural-urban sex ratio differences in the young professional age group an indicator of social sustainability in rural areas?
How does the rural-urban sex ratio change in the 30-39-year-old group between 2000 and 2010 in Spain?
Where are the best locations for the future landfill sites in the Houston-Galveston area?
Where are the water resources in the Houston-Galveston area?
Where are the hurricane and flooding areas in the past in the Houston-Galveston area?
Where are the important geographic features like schools, hospitals, museums in the Houston-Galveston area?
What areas are within half-mile distance from major highways in the Houston-Galveston area?
What is the travel behavior of individuals in the Tampa Bay region?
What is the travel behavior of households in the Tampa Bay region?
What is the individual activity pattern in the Tampa Bay Region, Florida?
What is the relationship between activity density and land uses in the Tampa Bay Region, Florida?
What are the activity patterns of different employment groups like full-time employment, part-time employment, unemployed and homemaker in Tampa Bay Region, Florida?
What are the differences of activity pattern between retired and student groups in Tampa Bay Region, Florida?
What is the effect of scale when analysing accessibility and its effects on population change?
Are population change related to transport accessibility in Finland, 1990-2008?
Which scales have good predictive ability when modelling transport accessibility and its effects on population change in Finland, 1990-2008?
What is the spatial autocorrelation of urban land prices from a regional perspective in Hubei province, China?
What is the spatial distribution of urban land prices from a regional perspective in Hubei province, China?
What are the most influential factors to urban land price in Hubei province, China?
What are the patterns of clustering in depressive symptoms of community-dwelling older people in New Jersey from 2006 to 2008?
What are the relationships between the level of depressive symptoms and poverty, residential stability and crime in New Jersey from 2006 to 2008?
To what extent is there geographical clustering of criminal offences over time in Stockholm, Sweden?
Are there geographical clusterings of criminal offences over time in Stockholm, Sweden?
What are the differences of spatial patterns of concentration for violence (assault and threat) and property crimes (theft, robbery and burglary) over time and space in Stockholm, Sweden?
What are the temporal and spatial characteristics of land use change in Fujian Province, 1989-2006?
Where are clusters of injured pedestrians in Georgia, 2000-2007?
Where are clusters of injured pedestrians in Georgia, 2000-2007?
How are injured pedestrians influenced by personal and environmental factors in Georgia, 2000-2007?
How accurate is the use of GPS-referenced Demographic and Health Survey (DHS) data in combination with census datain population censusin Egypt?
How to measure and monitor urban sprawl and carbon footprint in Phoenix metropolitan area?
How can ethnoburbs be identified and characterized in Auckland, New Zealand?
Where are Chinese, Indian, Korean, Filipino, Japanese and Cambodian clusters in Auckland from 1991 to 2006?
Which large area land cover dataset that, combined with detailed settlement extents, produces the most accurate population distribution data in Kenya?
What are the methods for modeling population?
How to analyze the population density patterns by various spatial analysis methods in China, 1953-2000?
What are the possible influencing factors for population change in China from 1953 to 2000?
What are the characteristics of population distribution in China in 2000?
Where are the high population growth regions in China from 1953 to 2000?
What is the spatial pattern of various industries in Shanghai from spatial statistical perspectives?
What are the spatial relationships of establishments in different districts and industries in Shanghai?
What industries are concentrated in the suburbs of Shanghai?
How to develop a dynamic spatial model which can be used for demographic planning in Leeds?
What are the changes in spatial characteristics of the population in Leeds from 2010 to 2030?
What are the moving trends of students in Leeds from 2010 to 2030?
What are the mortality distribution in Leeds in 2030?
What are the land use changes in the built-up area in Yantai, China, from 1992-2004?
How much area do the built-up regions in Yantai extend from 1992 to 2004?
Where are the monthly hotspots of thefts and robberies in Shanghai in 2009?
What are the spatial-temporal variations of hotspots for thefts and robberies in Shanghai in 2009?
What are the impacts of different social-economic factors on night light at different scales of urban areas in Beijing?
What is the conversion pattern of rural-urban land use in Nanjing, China from 2000 to 2004?
What are the geographical patterns in the cultural industries in Los Angeles and New York City?
How to identify urban growth potential in the area Islamabad Zone IV of Islamabad, Pakistan?
What is the urban growth potential in the area Islamabad Zone IV of Islamabad, Pakistan?
How to map socio-economic data (e.g. distribution of population) in UK?
What are the interactions between population growth and changes in water and land resources in Original-stream Zone of the Tarim River from 1994 to 2005?
What are the water and land use changes in Original-stream Zone of the Tarim River from 1994 to 2005?
How to identify and measure the spatial structure and intensity of urban deprivation in Delhi?
What factors are contributed to the analysis of urban deprivation in Delhi?
What is the spatial distribution of cervix cancer mortality rates for 118 counties of four states in the Western USA over 1970-1994?
What is the quantitative risk zoning map of all districts in Shanghai?
Where are the riskiest areas in Shanghai?
Where are the major hazardous enterprises in Shanghai?
What are the effects of the built environment (e.g. physical environment, land use patterns, the road network, and bicycle-specific facilities) on transportation choices (bicycling or driving) in Metro Vancouver, Canada?
What is the association between urban neighborhood socioeconomic markers and ambient air pollution in Vancouver and Seattle?
Where are the areas with a high concentration of NO2 in Vancouver and Seattle?
What is the impact of racial residential segregation on low birth weight in the Detroit area using optimized neighborhood boundary definitions?
What is the impact of racial residential segregation on low birth weight in the Detroit area?
What is the exposure for maternal to racial isolation and racial clusters in the Detroit Metropolitan Area?
How suitable is a position for building a windmill in Amsterdam?
How suitable is a position for building a charging station in Utrecht?
How suitable is an area for expanding A27 road in Utrecht?
What areas do have high water levels near A27 road in Utrecht?
What are the land cover types within 1km of A27 road in Utrecht?
To what extent does traffic congestion reduce because of expansion of A27?
What is the walkability of Utrecht?
Where are the neighborhoods that are least suitable for walking in Utrecht?
What is the accessibility of residential units in Utrecht city to public waste collectors for glass, paper, plastic, and textile?
Is the distribution of health facilities consistent with the population distribution in Riverside-San Bernardino, CA?
Where are facilities that provide health care services located in Riverside-San Bernardino, CA??
What is the population distribution within Riverside-San Bernardino, CA??
Do areas with the highest population density have the greatest number of health care facilities in Riverside-San Bernardino, CA?
Within Riverside-San Bernardino, where are the areas with high population density but no health care facilities?
What land use is on top of sandy soil in the Netherlands?
What parcels are within the 100-year floodplain in the Netherlands?
Is the A27 highway within Utrecht?
